what's going on guys walking a stoker
and gave me today become a minecraft
video for bab crafts videos episode 24
my back graph miniseries call the
ultimate faction base I'm gonna be
giving you a walk around my newest base
that I am currently working on for my
build for the faction server for bap
graph as you guys do know i haven't
posted a miniseries update for since
episode one which was about two months
ago the reason because what I do feel
like recording I never really had time
to do it or I just keep putting it off
and off so I decided finally to do it
because I haven't made a video in about
a week and also you know what I've been
playing a lot of Minecraft as you guys
saw with the updates the april fools
video which pretty much all filmed in
bath craft because you know what i've
been playing a lot of server i think
that guys if you guys didn't know bab
craft is a minecraft server currently
being run by white boy seventh street it
offers many different game modes such as
faction survival creative and parkour
and also mini games such as battery
sticks and stones one a chamber and also
a kit pvp this is actually a pretty fun
server if you guys did not try it out
you might think it's kind of like woody
crap because it kind of fits what kind
of server is not like woody crafter like
one another they're all pretty much just
like one another because of servers they
offer different things there are four
different game modes it also depends on
your personal favorite or choice or
whatever you want to play in other than
that guys as you guys do know minecraft
1.8 point 0 is obviously on the way and
pretty much currently there is no set
date for when the next Minecraft patch
AK 1.8 well release but it seems more
likely it might release sometime for the
next couple of weeks because i'm hoping
i kinda do want to change my name to my
youtube name which is still occur in
gaming i have it as my old YouTube name
since I did make the account back in
2010 I think that guys I hope that you
guys enjoyed the video and also guys
make sure you tune in to the future for
the more minecraft videos coming in the
future such as minecraft updates and
also a very special minecraft project
that I
currently working on it need to give
back to working on so I can finish it so
tonight congrats is more informational
description so I'll see you all later
bye